.vscode/diary.md, before:

### My Plan for CCL

******************

### Day 1 13-01-2025

We were introduced to how the CCL would work and the requirements for the project. I decided to make a Jump 'n Run game.

Plan for the day: 
- Movement machenics(left, right, up) ✅
- health bar ✅
- centered canvas ✅
- made a new heart.js ✅

### Day 2 14-01-2025

Plan for the day:
- Enemies (+ their movement)!!!!! ✅
    - different sprites for the enemy when it moves ❌
- Make damage mechanic (when player touches enemies, health--) ✅
- Working restart button (the game should reset when pressed) ❌


### Day 3 15-01-2025

Plan for the day:
- Game Over screen ❌
    - Working restart button(the game should reset when pressed) ✅
- Make shuriken throwing mechanic (when they touch enemies, they die) ✅
    - Shuriken should disappear after 0.25 seconds ✅
    - Player should throw the Shuriken to the direction they are facing ✅
    - different sprite for when the player shoots the shuriken(?) ❌


PROBLEMS OCCURED: GAME STOPS ONCE THE SHURIKEN REACHES THE END OF THE CANVAS. -- SOLVED ✅
I WANT THE SHURIKEN TO DISAPPEAR ONCE IT HITS THE ENEMY AND IF IT DOES NOT HIT AN ENEMY I WANT IT TO DISAPPEAR AFTER A SET AMOUNT OF TIME. -- SOLVED ✅

### For the coming days

- Game Over screen 👨🏽‍🔧
- Home screen (with start button) 👨🏽‍🔧
- Nice border around canvas 👨🏽‍🔧
- Make assets (sprites for player, enemies, background, blocks, etc.) 👨🏽‍🔧
- Player blinks red when come in touch with enemies OR the canvas becomes red for a second? 👨🏽‍🔧
- more levels and how we reach the new levels (erst wenn alle functionalities in einem level zb waffen) 👨🏽‍🔧
- different sprites for the enemy when it moves 👨🏽‍🔧

Commit message:

restart game screen when touch the door

.vscode/diary.md, after:

### My Plan for CCL

******************

### Day 1 13-01-2025

We were introduced to how the CCL would work and the requirements for the project. I decided to make a Jump 'n Run game.

Plan for the day: 
- Movement machenics(left, right, up) ✅
- health bar ✅
- centered canvas ✅
- made a new heart.js ✅

### Day 2 14-01-2025

Plan for the day:
- Enemies (+ their movement)!!!!! ✅
    - different sprites for the enemy when it moves ❌
- Make damage mechanic (when player touches enemies, health--) ✅
- Working restart button (the game should reset when pressed) ❌


### Day 3 15-01-2025

Plan for the day:
- Game Over screen ❌
    - Working restart button(the game should reset when pressed) ✅
- Make shuriken throwing mechanic (when they touch enemies, they die) ✅
    - Shuriken should disappear after 0.25 seconds ✅
    - Player should throw the Shuriken to the direction they are facing ✅
    - different sprite for when the player shoots the shuriken(?) ❌


PROBLEMS OCCURED: GAME STOPS ONCE THE SHURIKEN REACHES THE END OF THE CANVAS. -- SOLVED ✅
I WANT THE SHURIKEN TO DISAPPEAR ONCE IT HITS THE ENEMY AND IF IT DOES NOT HIT AN ENEMY I WANT IT TO DISAPPEAR AFTER A SET AMOUNT OF TIME. -- SOLVED ✅

### Day 4 16-01-2025

Plan for the day: 
- Restart Game/Game Over screen ✅
- Home screen (with start button) 👨🏽‍🔧
- Level design 👨🏽‍🔧




### For the coming days

- Nice border around canvas 👨🏽‍🔧
- Make assets (sprites for player, enemies, background, blocks, etc.) 👨🏽‍🔧
- Player blinks red when come in touch with enemies OR the canvas becomes red for a second? 👨🏽‍🔧
- more levels and how we reach the new levels (erst wenn alle functionalities in einem level zb waffen) 👨🏽‍🔧
- different sprites for the enemy when it moves 👨🏽‍🔧
